Make README consistents (#15611)
decidim/decidim: decidim-system/README.md

# decidim-system

This engine adds an administration dashboard so admin can manage a Decidim deploy
and its organizations when working in a multi-tenant environment.

## Usage

> This is on the default Decidim installation so you should not change anything to use this participatory space.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is on the default Decidim installation so you should not change anything to use this feature.
```
